[Music]
hi guys welcome back
it really turns
you lucky man
my dad
on our way to
[Music]
you don't get it they like this again
they
what the make sure like we've got
everything sorted
very smart exciting
like wave outside than any birthday on
Christmas I feel like I wasted a
lifetime to get into being efficient
like our house no well he's just like
the perfect
perhaps piqued
being a dog we went last Sunday and we
actually had to look at this other later
there were like some cream cookies and
then we saw Penelope oh my god so
Annette that's her name
picture picture name and we were talking
about like dog names and while I have
named her I'm gonna speak right
now so she's a girl as well by the way
when we first started thinking about
getting a dog we both sort of said are
we gonna get a boy dog but
yeah that was kind of like started
jacking around this table we went to
this viewer and she was on the floor
some raisins she just saved Roger one
together she is brought moving around
skate by my feet I swear I don't like
she's fun hands up
because
like
it's quite a long name but I think I
really like you and is different or I
don't know don't know anyone
9 a dog cop
got all the stuff ready she's got a
little cray we're gonna try
crate-trained her
then we've got some stuff in the back oh
good they'll see but clothes away as
I've been driving
[Laughter]
that brand of stuff yes pronounce it for
now but the thing is with that oh it's
excellent my little puppies can be good
- puppies holding are applauding okay
take you home now okay
Oh coughs II understand I love you
here's a pic over there and I picked up
cry my love
she's peered
all over me food all of your shoes
imagine and on herself will wipe the nur
all up and then actually species now
snoozing away
Kerching
[Music]
just basically pick
nearly kono we pulpit it's been a really
long journey look at her a little
so very nearly home oh my god that was
stressful but I'm so pleased that she
wasn't sick or anything she's really
chilled just slept with a head on a
little lamb teddy bear like I showed you
earlier how does it dark now like I was
like she would been out all day
[Music]
you've got poo on my shoe so here is a
little bag of stuff that we've got so
far we've got these um pets at home just
some like 16 pack puppy training
families and got sick this surface
cleaner spray we've got a load of
different tricks that we're just going
to trial but like a tangle teezer
version of a dog brush from two bags
survivable a little dental stick comb
we're going to put all this in the car
and then just see how we get all of the
picked up this little water thing just
in case of a car and the other thing and
a cute little harness and these and then
we are going to crate train we got this
little gray Cray and we put this little
padding thing from the rage for her to
lay on it's just like a little baby
thing I've also put a blanket over the
top just to make it a bit more cozy and
I've got a little like toy thing wrote
another rope and this little bear I
thought it might look like a little
brother or sister there's a little bit
of food in a gray
he's that flying away we've done off get
first wee-wee over that she didn't want
a little treat now pottering about and
it's so proud good girl new exploring a
little food bowl I'm trying to work out
you can reach feeling okay you
[Music]
no first of whoo what a good yeah
good girl
[Music]
nothing
shree life I feel I can actually spoke
that much on this lobsang's day to being
a puppy money and oh my gosh she's just
like a little angel she's like a little
bear she's honestly been so good and
first night she had a little cry we
first I put her to bed
and then like the night didn't we
you need the toilet when are they
showing they have like such small and
that weak bladder so they can't really
hold it so lots of we we tripped in
there it must be so scary as well like
being away from their mom she's got some
of her favorite toys already and I think
really feel like a little person is
coming out and she's getting a bit more
used to a new home we washed oh my oh
that's stinky breath she prefers Jax's
blood she was so good he did a little
weight on the thing and she's got her
second job in like two weeks time and
then soon you'll be able to go out and
would be letting her in her garden
honestly already she's she's sort of a
trained ourselves gross the toilet like
she hadn't even been outside before we
got her and she's like putting a pole
and on the back door and then just goes
out does a business and then bottles
back in yeah
Sheldon any poos and now she's just on
weeds hopefully they'll stay right there
I do thought she mentioned her breed so
she is a Chow Chow over the kitten for
about six months
and researches - they're quite rare in
the UK like they're not very common at
all yeah I read about that there's not
much like good stuff about them online
but to me I think like adults
personalities just they're like children
is how are you raise me to how they're
gonna be yeah Tara gonna be a dad came
over as well to me here and she
absolutely loved him
she's really friendly with everyone you
want to say hello to absolutely
everyone's beautiful girl these super
close shop we've moved this crate round
I think it was a bit take it to in close
so we're just trying that round needs
that either liked her favor she
absolutely loves a little toy
[Music]